Add write evals skill (#575)
axiomhq/docs: console/intelligence/skills/write-evals.mdx

- Generate test data for AI capabilities

Example prompts:

- "Write evaluations for the support agent's message categorization function"
- "Add adversarial test cases to the existing eval suite"
- "Set up flag schemas to compare GPT-4o and GPT-5 across all evals"
- "Create an online eval to monitor response quality in production"

## How it works

The Write evaluations skill follows a structured workflow:

1. **Understand the feature**: The agent reads your AI function's code, traces inputs and outputs, identifies the model call, and checks for existing evaluations.
1. **Determine evaluation type**: Based on the output type (classification, free-form text, structured object, tool calls, retrieval results), the agent selects the appropriate evaluation pattern and scorers.
1. **Generate evaluation file**: The agent creates a `.eval.ts` file colocated with the source, imports the actual function, and wires up typed scorers.
1. **Design test data**: The agent generates test cases covering happy path, adversarial, boundary, and negative categories.
1. **Validate and run**: The agent validates the evaluation structure and runs it locally.

## Supported evaluation types and templates

> The Write evaluations skill includes a pre-built template for each supportedevaluation type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Write evaluations skill includes a pre-built template for each supported evaluation type:
```
